Unsized structs (#246)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/types.md

    /// "Tuple" is used for all heterogeneous types, i.e., both Rust tuples and structs.
    Tuple {
        /// Fields must not overlap.
        sized_fields: Fields,
        /// A last field (in terms of offset) may contain an unsized type,

>         /// then its offset is given by rounding the `head_end` of `sized_head_layout` up to its nearest alignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        /// then its offset is given by rounding the `head_end` of `sized_head_layout` up to the alignment
        /// of this type.
```

    /// "Tuple" is used for all heterogeneous types, i.e., both Rust tuples and structs.
    Tuple {
        /// Fields must not overlap.
        /// The last field (in terms of offset) may contain an unsized type, then its offset is rounded up to the nearest alignment.
        // (FIXME: this does not respect `repr(packed)` and `repr(align)` and I don't see an easy way to incorporate this).
        fields: Fields,
        /// The total size of the tuple can indicate trailing padding.
        /// Must be large enough to contain all fields.
        /// The total alignment of the tuple. Due to `repr(packed)` and `repr(align)`,
        /// this is independent of the fields' alignment.

>         layout: LayoutStrategy,

Reviewer: Let's avoid the redundancy (and O(n²) complexity) here by just storing what is needed for "this layer" of the type.

            Bool => Sized(Size::from_bytes_const(1), Align::ONE),
            Ptr(p) if p.meta_kind() == PointerMetaKind::None => Sized(T::PTR_SIZE, T::PTR_ALIGN),
            Ptr(_) => Sized(libspecr::Int::from(2) * T::PTR_SIZE, T::PTR_ALIGN),
            Union { size, align, .. } | Enum { size, align, .. } => Sized(size, align),
            Tuple { sized_head_layout, unsized_field, .. } => match unsized_field {
                None => {

>                     let (size, align) = sized_head_layout.full_size_and_align(Size::ZERO, Align::ONE);

Reviewer: This could use `head_size_and_align`, I think?

And we also define how to compute the actual size and alignment.

```rust
impl TupleHeadLayout {

>     // This is one function to avoid quadratic computations.

Reviewer: This comment isn't very clear.

Author: Actually I think I noticed a further-reaching problem, that since `compute_size` calls `tail.compute_size` and `tail.compute_align`, I think computing just the size might lead to exponentially (in the number of layers) many calls to the `compute_align` of the last tail.
So I will introduce a `LayoutStrategy::compute_size_align -> (Size, Align)` and have the `compute_size` be simply `compute_size_align.0`.

Reviewer: Let's call it `compute_size_and_align`, that's also how this is called in rustc.

    pub fn compute_size_align(self, tail_size: Size, tail_align: Align) -> (Size, Align) {
        // TODO: support packed self

>         let align = tail_align.max(self.min_align);

Reviewer: Isn't it a bug if tail_align < min_align?

Author: Why? A struct can contain 8 aligned fields, but the tail might only need to be 1 aligned.

Reviewer: Ah of course.

And we also define how to compute the actual size and alignment.

```rust
impl TupleHeadLayout {
    /// The actual align of the tail, considering the packed attribute
    fn capped_tail_align(self, tail_align: Align) -> Align {
        match self.packed_align {
            Some(packed_align) => tail_align.min(packed_align),
            None => tail_align,
        }
    }

    /// Where the tail starts, given the aligment of the tail type.
    pub fn tail_offset(self, tail_align: Align) -> Offset {
        let capped_tail_align = self.capped_tail_align(tail_align);
        // `self.end.align_to(capped_tail_align)`.

>         let tail_offset = Size::from_bytes(self.end.bytes().next_multiple_of(capped_tail_align.bytes())).unwrap();

Reviewer: This should use `Size::align_to` now

        tail_offset
    }

    /// The size and alignment of the full tuple, including the tail.
    /// Given the size and alignment of the tail type.
    pub fn full_size_and_align(self, tail_size: Size, tail_align: Align) -> (Size, Align) {
        let capped_tail_align = self.capped_tail_align(tail_align);
        let align = capped_tail_align.max(self.align);
        let tail_offset = self.tail_offset(tail_align);
        let end = tail_offset + tail_size;
        let size = Size::from_bytes(end.bytes().next_multiple_of(align.bytes())).unwrap();
        (size, align)
    }

    /// Returns the size and alignment of the tuple when there is no tail.
    pub fn head_size_and_align(self) -> (Size, Align) {

>         self.full_size_and_align(Size::ZERO, Align::ONE)

Reviewer: Isn't this just `(self.end, self.align)`?

Author: No, because we align the end first. It is `self.end.align_to(self.align) though if you consider this nicer.

```rust
impl TupleHeadLayout {
    /// The actual align of the tail, considering the packed attribute
    fn capped_tail_align(self, tail_align: Align) -> Align {
        match self.packed_align {
            Some(packed_align) => tail_align.min(packed_align),
            None => tail_align,
        }
    }

    /// Where the tail starts, given the aligment of the tail type.
    pub fn tail_offset(self, tail_align: Align) -> Offset {
        let capped_tail_align = self.capped_tail_align(tail_align);
        // `self.end.align_to(capped_tail_align)`.

>         let tail_offset = Size::from_bytes(self.end.bytes().next_multiple_of(capped_tail_align.bytes())).unwrap();

Reviewer: Might be worth actually adding `align_to` to our `Align` type?

Author: To the `Size` type, right?

Reviewer: Ah right. With an `Align` argument.

        let align = capped_tail_align.max(self.align);
        let tail_offset = self.tail_offset(tail_align);
        let end = tail_offset + tail_size;
        let size = end.align_to(align);
        (size, align)
    }

    /// Returns the size and alignment of the tuple when there is no tail.
    pub fn head_size_and_align(self) -> (Size, Align) {

>         (self.end.align_to(self.align), self.align)

Reviewer: Please add a comment saying this is the same as `full_size_and_align(ZERO, ONE)`.
